align relay log behaviour in v5.4.0 (#7428)
pingcap/docs: dm/dm-worker-configuration-file.md

keepalive-ttl = 60
relay-keepalive-ttl = 1800 # New in DM v2.0.2.

> # relay-dir = "relay_log" # New in 5.4.0. When you use a relative path, determine the path according to the deployment and start method.

Author: ```suggestion
# relay-dir = "relay_log" # New in 5.4.0. When you use a relative path, check the deployment and start method of DM-worker to determine the full path.
```

> # relay-dir = "relay_log" # New in 5.4.0. When you use a relative path, determine the path according to the deployment and start method.

Author: Done
